Azure AI Associate AI-102 Preparation Notes.

TRY SKILLCERT PRO MOCK TESTS - https://skillcertpro.com/product/azure-ai-engineer-associate-ai-102-exam-questions/

Learn FreeRTOS on AWS - https://aws.amazon.com/iot/ , Try any certifications available and learn AWS IoT GreenGras. 
install FreeRTOS on ESP32 , explore AWS IOT Core . 

Common AI Capabilities
1)Generative AI - Ability to generate original responses to natural language prompts(inputs) 
2)Agents - Generative AI applications that can respond to user inputs and automate the actions 
3)Computer vision - The ability to accept,interpret and process visual input from images, videos and live streams. 
4)Speech - The ability to recognize and syntesize speech. eg - digital assistant 
5)Natural language processing- The ability to process natural language in written or spoken form. 
6)Information extraction - The ability to use vision, speech and NLP to extract key information from documents, forms, images, recordings and other kinds of content. 
7)Decision support- The ability to use historic data and learned corelations to make predictions that support business decision making. 

Options for Azure Resources
1) Multi service resource- Provision with AI Services resouce that supports different AI resources like Azure AI langurage, AI vision, Azure AI speech etc, For Single point of billing. 
2) Single Service resouce- Provision with individual services separately like AI language and AI vision for seperate billing. 

To consume the AI service through endpoint, applications require following information 
1) End point URI - HTTP address at which the REST interface for the service can be accessed. 
2) Subsciption key- Access to the endpoint is restricted based on the subsciption key. 
3) The resorce location- When provisioning a resource in azure, location is generally assigned. 

Azure AI services provide REST API's for the client applications to consume services like POST,PUT,GET in JSON format. 
Applications can be developed using SDK to build more complex solutions by using native libraries for the programming language in which the application is developed like Python,Node.js,Java etc


try cloning - https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/mslearn-ai-services , from Azure labs. 

Take subscription and set alerts for learning the remaining. 